[EDU-5109] Insert into table guide on Store Journey (#1233)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/store-journey/sql/insert-into-table.mdx

---
title: How to insert data into an Edge SQL table
description: >-
  Learn how to insert data into an Edge SQL table using the Azion API.
permalink: /documentation/products/store/sql/insert-into-table/
meta_tags: >-
  Edge SQL, SQL, database, CRUD, API, insert data
namespace: docs_store_journey_sql_insert_into_table
menu_namespace: storeMenu
---

> If you have already created a database, you can use Azion **Edge SQL** to insert new data into it throught the Azion API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already created a database, you can use Azion **Edge SQL** to insert new data into it through the Azion API.
```
